File Manager: Add Clarity & Fixes to Remote FS Provider Samples (#9059)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxFileManager/5 File System Providers/Remote/Remote.md

        hasSubDirectories: true
    }

> Fields in this structure have conventional names that you can change using **fieldNameExpr** properties, including the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following **[fieldName]Expr** properties to change the conventional field names in this structure:
```

> Fields in this structure have conventional names that you can change using **fieldNameExpr** properties, including the following:

Author: I believe this suggestion introduces two small concerns:

1. The introduction of the "conventional names" specificity is deprioritized/moved perhaps a touch too far back in the sentence.
2. The updated sentence reads as though the following properties make up the entirety of **[fieldName]Expr** options.

As such, I would like to propose the following update:

```md
Fields in this structure have predefined names that FileManager uses in the default configuration. To use custom field names, configure **[fieldName]Expr** properties such as the following:
```

>             .Url(Url.RouteUrl("FileManagerDBProviderApi")))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            .Url(Url.RouteUrl("FileManagementFileSystemApi")))
```

>             .Url(Url.RouteUrl("FileManagerDBProviderApi")))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            .Url(Url.RouteUrl("FileManagementFileSystemApi")))
```

---

> On the server-side, you need to process file management requests. DevExtreme includes helpers for ASP.NET MVC and ASP.NET Core that do this. To view the server-side code, see `FileManagerScriptsApiController.cs` in the following demo:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps we need to mention that they need to toggle the Backend API switch to see the file?

> On the server-side, you need to process file management requests. DevExtreme includes request processing helpers for ASP.NET MVC and ASP.NET Core. For an implementation example, enable the **Backend API** toggle in the following demo and review `FileManagerScriptsApiController.cs`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the server, process file management requests. DevExtreme includes request-processing helpers for ASP.NET MVC and ASP.NET Core. For an implementation example, enable the Backend API toggle in the following demo and review `FileManagerScriptsApiController.cs`:
```

#include btn-open-demo with {
    href: "https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/FileManager/BindingToFileSystem/"
}

> You can also use remote file system providers in other DevExtreme components. The following example integrates **RemoteFileSystemProvider** with DevExtreme TreeList:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use remote file system providers with other DevExtreme components. The following example integrates **RemoteFileSystemProvider** with the DevExtreme TreeList:
```
